add note of the switch sdk (#13431)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/nintendo-switch/index.mdx

<PlatformContent includePath="getting-started-primer" />

To get started using Sentry in your Nintendo Switch games, you can go to [CRPORTAL](https://crash-report.wc.lp1.er.srv.nintendo.net/sentry/get_started).
No changes to the game are required, as you can configure Nintendo's servers to start forwarding your crashes to Sentry.

> Additionally, if you want to add additional context to your crash dumps, Sentry offers an SDK specific for Nintendo Switch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add additional context to your crash dumps or you want to capture non-fatal events, Sentry offers an SDK specific for Nintendo Switch.
```

> If you want to add additional context to your crash dumps or you want to capture non-fatal events, Sentry offers an SDK specific for Nintendo Switch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to add additional context to your crash dumps or you want to capture non-fatal events, Sentry offers an SDK specifically for Nintendo Switch.
```
